Ultimately, our mission is to provide the Word of God to God's people and Christian missionaries. Along side the English word, we intend to provide missionaries with tools useful for translating God's word and reaching into cultures around the world. The history of this ministry has so far rested upon the shoulders of one man: Kevin Wonus. Kevin grabbed hold of a vision in the early 1990's to provide lay Christians with free bible search and publication tools to assist in ministries of the local church in America. In the early days of his work, pastors would typically squint their eyes and make polite gestures. Because twenty-five years ago, most pastors couldn't imagine how software development could actually be a ministry. Of course, without church sponsorship, progress was slow. Yet Kevin was often encouraged by letters from missionaries in the foreign field and also American Christians who valued the "AV Bible" software. Over the years, Kevin became consumed with providing the most accurate digital AV Text available. Hundreds, if not thousands, of hours were spent collating differing electronic texts and comparing it to his hard-copy "Bearing Precious Seed" King James Bible as the mediator between discrepancies among the publicly available electronic texts. In 2008, he re-published the texts themselves as a separate freely available work which others could incorporate into other bible-related software. The initial public release on ReceivedText.com had several typos which took a couple of years to identity and correct. In 2011, the 400th anniversary of the original printing of the Authorized Version, Kevin finished his [Digital-AV](http://digital-av.org/) "plates". Again, these plates are for use in Bible software freely.

The AV-Bible Windows Application is still available, even now thirty years after its initial debut in 1995. Yet, it has far greater capabilities and a fresh new interface, fit for the current century of modern bible-believers. Available here in the Microsoft Store, we hope that you find our software useful and an asset to your ministry and personal studies.